ROX-27031: Update instructions for adding new bundle (#168)
stackrox/operator-index: README.md

# ACS Operator Index

This repository is for building and releasing the ACS operator indexes on Konflux.  

> It's for updating Operator Catalogs, i.e., make OpenShift clusters see new versions of ACS operator in their

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's for updating Operator Catalogs, i.e., so OpenShift clusters can see new versions of ACS operator in their
```

OperatorHub.

## Development

### Restarting Konflux pipeline

If some pipeline failed, you can restart it by commenting in the PR `/test <pipeline-name>` (e.g. `/test operator-index-ocp-v4-16-on-push`).
See more in [our docs](https://spaces.redhat.com/display/StackRox/How+to+everything+Konflux+for+RHACS#HowtoeverythingKonfluxforRHACS-Howtore-runpipelines).

### <a name="add-bundle"></a> Adding new ACS operator version

Do the following changes in the `catalog-template.yaml` file.

1. Add bundle image.
   1. Find entries with `schema: olm.bundle` towards the end of the file.
   2. Add a new entry for your bundle image.  

>       It should look something looking like this, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      It should look something like this:
```

      ```yaml
      - schema: olm.bundle
        # 4.7.9
        image: brew.registry.redhat.io/rh-osbs/rhacs-operator-bundle@sha256:c82e8330c257e56eb43cb5fa7b0c842a7f7f0414e32e26a792ef36817cb5ca02
      ```
      * Note that the image must be referenced by digest, not by tag.
      * Keep entries sorted according to version.
      * Add a comment stating the version, see how it's done for other items there.
      * You may add bundle images from `quay.io`, `brew.registry.redhat.io` and so on (provided they exist and are

>         pullable) during development and/or when preparing to release.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        pullable) during development and/or when preparing to release.
```

Author: This is intentional because I want the next sentence to start from the new line. (Trailing double whitespace in Markdown creates a line break.)
<img width="944" height="209" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a14f4948-c385-4e5a-9685-8ac617874c1f" />

So I wouldn't change unless you insist.

Author: Resolving in order to merge.

        Ultimately, all released bundle images must come from
        `registry.redhat.io/advanced-cluster-security/rhacs-operator-bundle` repo because this is where customers expect

>         to find them. There's a CI check which should make it impossible to push to `master` if there's any bundle from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        to find them. There's a CI check which prevents pushing to `master` if there's any bundle from
```

        a different repo.
      * If you're adding a bundle as part of downstream release, you will find bundle image's digest in

>         `[CVP] (SUCCESS) cvp-redhatadvancedclustersecurity: rhacs-operator-bundle-container-4.Y.Z-x` email. Open the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        `[CVP] (SUCCESS) cvp-redhatadvancedclustersecurity: rhacs-operator-bundle-container-4.Y.Z-x` email subject. Open the
```

Author: Addressed slightly differently.

Author: Resolving in order to merge.

        link in `Brew Build Info` and find the digest of the
        `registry-proxy.engineering.redhat.com/rh-osbs/rhacs-operator-bundle` image. Take that image and replace
        `registry-proxy.engineering.redhat.com` with `brew.registry.redhat.io`.
2. Add entry to the `stable` channel.
   1. Find the `stable` channel block. It starts with:
      ```yaml
      - schema: olm.channel
        name: stable
      ```

>    2. Add a new item in to its `entries` list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. Add a new item into its `entries` list.
```

        * `PREVIOUS_Y` and `PREVIOUS_Z` with minor and patch versions of the previous item (e.g., when you add `4.8.2`
          after `4.8.1`, that'd be `8` and `1`; when you add `4.9.0` after `4.8.3`, that'd be `8` and `3`),
        * `(Y-1)` with the value of `Y` minus 1 (e.g., when you add `4.8.2`, that'd be `7`).
   3. If the item you added is not the last one in the `entries` list, i.e., not the highest version, adjust the next
      item in the `entries` list.  
      Set its `replaces:` to be `rhacs-operator.v4.Y.Z`.  
      For example:
      ```yaml
      - &bundle-4-7-4  # <-------- this was already there
        name: rhacs-operator.v4.7.4
        replaces: rhacs-operator.v4.7.3
        skipRange: '>= 4.6.0 < 4.7.4'
      - &bundle-4-7-5  # <-------- this one I'm adding
        name: rhacs-operator.v4.7.5
        replaces: rhacs-operator.v4.7.4
        skipRange: '>= 4.6.0 < 4.7.5'

      - &bundle-4-8-0  # <-------- this was already there
        name: rhacs-operator.v4.8.0
        replaces: rhacs-operator.v4.7.4   # <-------- must change here to rhacs-operator.v4.7.5
        skipRange: '>= 4.7.0 < 4.8.0'
      ```
3. Add entry to `rhacs-4.?` channels.

>    * For every `schema: olm.channel` with `name` like `rhacs-4.?` where `?` is >= `Z`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * For every `schema: olm.channel` with `name` like `rhacs-4.?` where `?` is >= `Y`,
```
